So, some of the lifestyle changes that you can expect: number one, get
used to wearing uniform. You're going to be putting this thing on every
single day. We have a couple of different styles to choose from.
We can put on coveralls if we're on the ship. These are the cammies
that we wear when you're walking around a normal city but we also
have like, a dress whites and dress blues. They look really nice. Another
lifestyle change you can expect is to be following orders. So,
if you're working at McDonald's and you have a boss telling you, you
know, "Go to drive thru", "Go to make some breakfast in the morning",
so same thing, that's not going to change just because you're the
military. In fact, it's going to get a little bit more intense you
could say. So, you're going to have, you know, five or six bosses.
They have a hierarchy and you're going to hear from one less than the
other but you're going to be hearing, you know, what to do every single
day.